chore: update anti-addiction docs (#659)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/anti-addiction/features.mdx

## Integrating TDS’ Real-Name Verification and Anti-addiction Service

Once you have finished the steps above, you will be able to start integrating TDS’ Real-Name Verification and Anti-addiction service into your game. 

> The best practice is: after the user has successfully logged in, the "TapTap Quick Authentication" authorisation box pops up, if you click on the "Use" button to jump to TapTap APP to complete the authentication, if you click on the "Don't Use" button, a prompt box will be displayed to require manually filling in the identity information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best practice is: after the user has successfully logged in, the "TapTap Quick Authentication" authorization box pops up. If you click on the "Use" button, you will be taken to the TapTap app to complete the authentication. If you click on the "Don't Use" button, a prompt box will be displayed for you to manually fill in the identity information.
```

:::tip

> The "TapTap Quick Authentication" pop-up box is displayed by default, and the SDK does not support directly popping up the input box for manually filling in real-name identity information. Users have to manually click the "Do not use" button to pop up the input box for manually filling in the information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "TapTap Quick Authentication" pop-up box is displayed by default, and the SDK does not support directly popping up the input box for manually filling in real-name identity information. Users have to manually click the "Do not use" button to open up the input box for manually filling in the information.
```

According to the [announcement](http://www.nppa.gov.cn/nppa/contents/279/98792.shtml) made by the National Press and Publication Administration, all businesses publishing and operating games have to have their games follow the latest policy regarding real-name verification and anti-addiction.

The announcement requires that all users have to sign up and log in to online games with their real and valid identification information. When you use TDS in your game, your game will be connected to Zhongxuanbu’s anti-addiction and real-name verification system and TDS will represent your business to report the information required by the system. This ensures that your business complies with Zhongxuanbu’s legal requirements.

> If you don't use TapTap Quick Authentication, that is, after the "TapTap Quick Authentication" authorisation box pops up, click the "Don't use" button, then a prompt box will be displayed, and you need to manually fill in the identity information to go to the real-name authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't use TapTap Quick Authentication, that is, after the "TapTap Quick Authentication" authorization box pops up, the "Don't use" button is clicked, then a prompt box will be displayed, and you need to manually fill in the identity information to complete the real-name authentication.
```

Once the player submits the information, TDS will submit the information to Zhongxuanbu’s system to validate the information. Please make sure you have finished configuring your game on the Developer Center. Otherwise, the validation process won’t work.

![](/img/anti-addiction/anti-addiction-flow-2.png)

> What the Player Will See:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What the player will see:
```
